[DOCS-13309] Add links to regex parsing guide in OP processor docs (#34522)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/processors/sds_custom_rules.md

> 1. In the **Define match conditions** section, specify the regex pattern to use for matching against events in the **Define the regex** field. Enter sample data in the **Add sample data** field to verify that your regex pattern is valid. See [Parsing][1] for information about regex log parsing.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In the **Define match conditions** section, specify the regex pattern to use for matching against events in the **Define the regex** field. Enter sample data in the **Add sample data** field to verify that your regex pattern is valid. See [Writing Effective Grok Parsing Rules with Regular Expressions][1] for information.
```
